Audio Tab:
1. Audio Upload --> Click on the upload audio button which opens a windows file picker, select an audio file and upload
                    it to the application
                --> if audio not in wav then the audio is converted to wav first and the converted audio is saved in
                    output_files/audio_outputs/converted_audios
                --> Once we have the audio in wav format we start preprocessing the audio by trimming silences, normalizing
                    the audio, reducing background noise, applying a bandpass filter. 
                --> the processed audio is then picked and chunked with length of 5 mins, and now this processed chunked 
                    audio is then saved at output_files/audio_outputs/processed_audio
    at this point on the screen the user can see the message that the audio has been uploaded and then the user can
    also use the audio player to play & listen the audio to ensure that the correct audio was uploaded.
2. Audio Record --> Click on the Start Recording button displays a message to the user that the recording has started 
                --> to stop the recording the user needs to click on the stop recording button which again displays a 
                    message to the user to notify them that the recording has stopped.
                --> the user can again use the audio player to hear their recording.
Transcribe Tab:
1. Click on Transcribe --> inorder to view the transcription of their vedio the user clicks on the transcribe button
                           the audio is then sent for transcription and later displayed to them
2. Click on Magic Wand --> Sometimes the words from the audio may not properly be captured by the transcription model
                           and hence when transcribed they are either mispelled or are gramatically incorrect. The Magic
                           wand button takes in the user's audio transcription and improves such misspelled word according
                           to the terms used in ERCP domain.
3. Additional Comments --> There may be cases when the doctor might miss out mentioning something during the surgery like 
                           the necessary precautions that the user should follow up with post surgery, basically the do's
                           and dont's etc, they can add those missed out information in this section
Report Generation Tab:
1. Click on Generate Report --> Here the user can see the default surgery report form which the doctor's previously used to
                                fill out manually previously after every surgery. Now the doctor can just click on the 
                                "Generate Report" button and in some time the fields in the repot form get automatically
                                filled based on the information present in the doctor's surgery audio transcription

          